I hope you enjoyed the module. In this module, we created our own service worker and we registered it
in our application,
we made sure that it is registered for every page in our application
and with that, we supercharged our manifest.json file which now allows Chrome on Android to install
our app on the home screen.
Besides that, one other important thing happened. With the service worker set up,
we already got some knowledge about how it works behind the scenes and what it does there in the background.
We can now take that knowledge and build up on it to add more powerful features, like for example caching
which also requires service workers.
One important note, always keep in mind that service workers require SSL, so https has to be used on your
page except for your local development environment and you might also have noticed that in the service
worker here, we're using some strange things like fetch and that in general,
we also work with promises in this course.
Now maybe that's all stuff you already know, in case you don't, in the next module we'll have a brief refresher
about promises and the fetch API so that we're all on the same page.